added railway.app hosting site link (#470)
rupali-codes/LinksHub: README.md

## Table of Contents

  - [Welcome to LinksHub 👋](#welcome-to-linkshub-)
  - [Demo 💻](#demo-)
  - [Tech stack 📚](#tech-stack-)
  - [Socials 📱](#socials-)
  - [Getting Started 👩‍💻](#getting-started-)
  - [Let's jump right in🌟](#lets-jump-right-in)

>   - [_Want to add your favorite links into the Hub? make sure to follow CONTRIBUTING guidelines._](#want-to-add-your-favorite-links-into-the-hub-make-sure-to-follow-contributing-guidelines)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [_Want to add your favorite links to the Hub? Follow the CONTRIBUTING guidelines._](#want-to-add-your-favorite-links-into-the-hub-make-sure-to-follow-contributing-guidelines)
```

  - [Building with Gitpod 💣](#building-with-gitpod-)
  - [Our Contributors ✨](#our-contributors-)
  - [License 📝](#license-)
  - [Support ⭐](#support-)

<a name="welcome-to-linkshub"></a>

# Welcome to LinksHub 👋

> LinksHub is a Hub of Links `For Developers By Developers`. Here, we've gathered a collection of all the best and most useful resources, both free and paid, to aid in the development journey.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LinksHub is a Hub of Links `For Developers By Developers`. Here, we've gathered a collection of all the best and most useful resources, both free and paid, to aid developers of all levels in their development journey.
```

> We recognize that there's a wealth of information available, but often, it's a matter of knowing where to find it. That's why we've made it our mission to bring the right resources to the right developers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recognize that there's a wealth of information available. However, what's important is _knowing_ where to find it. That's why we've made it our mission to bring the right resources to the right developers.
```
